Rn cl cumulocity 10.18.570.0 (#1613)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-10-18-540-9-configurable-time-to-live-duration.md

---
date: ""

> title: Configurable Time-To-Live duration

Author: ```suggestion
title: LWM2M Time-to-Live duration for device operation realtime subscription
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: DM-3067
version: 10.18.540.9
---

> The LWM2M agent realtime subscription for device operations now has a configurable Time-To-Live (TTL) duration. The default TTL duration is 3 minutes. 

Author: ```suggestion
The LWM2M agent realtime subscription for device operations now has a limited Time-To-Live (TTL) duration. The default TTL duration is 3 minutes. This setting may be configured on platform level.
```
